he has transformers kid to back another
video review today we have transformers
music label sound blaster sound wave
blaster black version on this figure an
actual mp3 player that runs on a mini SD
card and a triple a battery has no
screen none of that fancy stuff or
anything like that I'm trying out a new
camera my dad's tonight it's actually a
real camera you can zoom it he has a
purple door call these braids on this
camera but um here is playback play
forward volume down and volume up and
playing on this button here in Jackson
except to our Asian answer a mini SD
card um in this mode or in either mode
if you hold the play button Oh blue
light will come on saying that's on just
blinking like that means that there's
nothing in there yeah
six set sleep the g one version yeah
transformation start by me at the hands
separating the arms from the back
portion holding down the legs rotating
in my bringing down at the same time and
flip out the feet and heels feet foot
feel and reach Tim okay slide the arms
forward and upon doing so the arms will
come up a little bit and this panel here
slide it back and slide it back pop goes
the weasel um has two weapons this is
his
desto wave blaster that's what those
words say be inserted and a gun hand he
comes with two gun hands and I'll give
her that with the box and his electronic
launcher just plugs into the headphone
jack um your tick ulation the head can
move up and down rotate 360 degrees here
if you rotate 360 movement and now bent
at the elbow swiveled the elbow up here
and down here and smooth the wrist 360
it likes move up back outside of the
knee and pivoted feet and heels oh and
it was really here um dork and still
eject and he comes with a hand we bring
it up this extended pointer an old like
he's injecting like in the original
cartoon although this is the sound
blaster Riordan um I'm site freaking
Soundwave mp3 take quick look at the box
see this is blaster black version croom
and got the wipers you open it up he
goes there and there's some extra hands
some stuff there yeah
you know um in the back you got the
white version there a little sticker
there this is hasbro don't know why
that's there it really does a sparrow
you got times per symbol it does say
hesburgh with a sticker I do not know
why this there um you can still use them
as an mp3 in this mode just as cool size
comparison tad the black convoy he's
about a basic classics deluxe size as he
was intended to be does have some yellow
there in case you not know yep
transformers back because I have time
step right mood what ow very thing I
just want to test its camera flip up the
feet and he'll bring up take the arms
here in love hang on i'll bring these a
full of pants like that mmm peg that on
hold on the hand bring up this leg push
down the head and slide this forward
there and back in the state to set mode
overall I rate this figure an attack
it's great it's a mp3 I don't
know where they come up with these ideas
it was genius
light up and anyway teleson
transformations kind of simplistic but
they can make it too fancy or else they
might really happy feet I paid sixty
bucks off of Amazon from twenty toys
that was a pretty deal this is the
blaster black version is actually the
cheapest version I thought the white one
would be the cheapest version because
nobody wants it it's actually most
expensive and the blue one was like
twenty bucks more than this I got 450
five bucks not 68-55 book Oh Twilight
toys um great figure a lot of play value
it's an mp3 player I like it as an mp3
but the sound quality is not amazing you
can turn it up too loud the base gets
really screwed up that's about its only
flaw it's a good size I mean Unicron can
use this as a boombox um kind of thick
fits in your pocket it's kind of bulging
but whatever anyway I raised this figure
a 10 out of 10 it's a great figure i
recommend picking any version is fine i
don't think that the waiver is all that
appealing but if you guys by the way
it's all plastic the diecast I didn't
expect that able to say case anyone will
be wondering um stressful risky to
saying subscribe jean long's channel at
HTTP colon slash slash ww youtube.com /
user / sean XO paw and subscribe to my
channel which is over there on the
sidebar little mortal up ish it's
probably great
they're at points to it and then there's
a button right next to it that the
yellow it's a subscribe if you click it
the economy will be fixed all right
let's transform the kid to roll now